PG110607A:

	Initial archive. I am still not sure whether I will spend any time on
	this, but it doesn't hurt to start.

	The initial archive, to the best of my memory, is the original version
	2.2 + a simple modification in ex.c (look for PGPGPG) disabling the
	security check inhibiting split.

PG110607B:

	Changed FT_FILE (an enum item) in guix11 to FT_ZFILE (it collided with
	some fonts-related includes).

	Eliminated superfluous (and erroneous) attempts to internally expand
	file names appearing as call arguments.

	SA_INTERRUPT is not defined under Cygwin, which was causing compilation
	errors.

	Fixed configure to use curses (instead of termcap) with Cygwin.

	Fixed Makefile.in to remove ctags on clean.

	My version of elvis.x11 moved to data/ and made official. A couple of
	other (suggested) files added there as well.

PG110608A:

	Added option -m which produces on standard output the trace of file
	status in the following format:

		BST: d [filename]

	where d is 0 or 1 (for clean and modified, respectively) and filename.
	This is intended for scenarios where elvis is called from a program
	which wants to know the file status.

PG110610A:

	Configured in the FEATURE_RAM option which makes it possible to use RAM
	buffers with -f ram. This is very useful when working with PIP as it
	allows the script to just kill the editor without having to worry about
	the leftover buffer file.

	I have tried to make sure that when operating with -m (see above)
	Elvis never writes anything to stderr (using stdout instead), as that
	would be interpreted as an error by the Tcl pipe.

	With -m the editor also reports its process ID, which allows PIP to
	to easily kill the process.

PG111014A:

	The -m option extended to monitor the input end (stdin) of the pipe.
	Whatever shows up there is interpreted as an ex command. The idea is
	to allow PIP to reposition files in response to ctags clicks (to do:
	ctags clicks with -m should be sent to stdout) and, possibly, some
	other exotic events.

	Note: for now, the ex command arriving this way is ignored if there's
	no window in the session (there can be multiple windows) that is in the
	straightforward "command" mode, e.g., as opposed to the "insert" mode
	(where repositioning the window spontaneously would mess things up).

	I have made sure (or so I think) that a session started with -m doesn't
	set the server property for its windows, which means that no other
	edit session will try to connect to it. In other words, a session
	started with -m is truly stand-alone and independent.

PG111018A:

	I think I have improved a bit the way the window is raised after its
	repositioning by an ex command from stdin (with -m). Now I am clearing
	the override_redirect attribute of the frame window and raising the
	frame window (as opposed to the window itself). It seems to work under
	Linux (Ubuntu), but not under Cygwin.

PG111018A:

	Empty command over stdin just raises the window.
	Added an option (--) to ctags to send the ctags file to standard output.

PG111025A:

	Fixed a bug in ctags.c causing incorrect parsing of sequences of
	function announcements separated by commas. Added fsm as a special
	keyword to facilitate tagging PicOS FSMs.

	With -m, clicking in a window causes the ctag name to be sent over the
	stdout pipe (TAG: tagname). PIP receives such requests and transforms
	them into positioning (ex) commands addressed to the respective
	windows.

	Made sure to ignore \r in lines received over the stding pipe - to
	account for Tcl's incompatibilities under Cygwin.

PG111102A:

	When a tag click occurs in a window that does not contain our buffer,
	it is processed the standard way. For example, clicks within the HELP
	document are processed sensibly without being interpreted as PIP's
	requests for tags.

	A few cleanups. For example, it is now checked whether -m occurs
	together with -G X11, as it makes no sense otherwise.

PG120605A:

	GIT RTAG added to version number displayed with the :ver command. For
	now, that RTAG must be entered by hand in version.h. We do not modify
	elvis too often, so it is probably OK. Just remember to update it
	every once in a while.

PG170413A:

	Fixed file modes + changed the control font to Fixed.

PG200309A:

	Fixed a minor (but occasionally annoying) problem when showing CTags,
	in new windows. The cursor was stuck at the beginning (instead of
	moving to the target line) until some kind of event was triggered in
	the window, e.g., a mouse click. Now the window is unmapped and
	remapped which does the trick (forcing an update causing the cursor to
	move as needed) and additionally raises the window with some extra
	commotion, so it is brought to the user's attention.

	Modified elvis.clr and elvis.ini in data/ to allow spaces in filenames
	which is the right way to go when a Unix-like system (Cygwin or Linux
	on a VM) coexists with Windows. Changed the default fonts and theme
	to what I am used to, so no .elvisrc file is needed to set the
	preferred defaults.

PG210630A:

	Set Save to w! in data/elvis.x11 to override Windows's complaints about
	file timestamp changes for files stored under OneDrive.
